.TH WORD2TEXT "1" "December 2024" "word2text 0.0.4 (7)"

.SH NAME
word2text \- Convert Psion Word files to plain text.

.SH SYNOPSIS
\fBword2text\fR [\fB\-m\fR] [\fB\-s\fR] [\fB\-o\fR] [\fB\-v\fR] [\fB\-h\fR] [\fB\-\-version\fR] {files}

.SH DESCRIPTION
.P
\fBword2text\fR is a macOS utility. Use it to convert Psion Word documents transferred from a Psion Series 3 organiser to
plain text.
.P
Optionally, the text may be formatted using Markdown.

Provide a file, a list of files, or a source directory after the options. If multiple files are provided, the output will be written to disk.
If a single file is specified, it will be output to \fBstdout\fR.

.SH OPTIONS
.P
\fB\-m\fR | \fB\-\-markdown\fR      Output in Markdown format. Default: false.
.P
\fB\-o\fR | \fB\-\-outer\fR         Include header and footer text in the output. Default: false.
.P
\fB\-f\fR | \fB\-\-file\fR          Output a single Word file to file, not stdout. Default: false.
                     Multiple Word files are always written to file.
.P
\fB\-v\fR | \fB\-\-verbose\fR       Display processing information.
.P
\fB\-s\fR | \fB\-\-stop\fR          Stop further processing on the first error. Default: false.
.P
\fB\-h\fR | \fB\-\-help\fR          This help screen.
.P
     \fB\-\-version\fR       Show \fBword2text\fR Version information.

.SH COPYRIGHT
Code and design copyright © 2024, Tony Smith (\fB@smittytone\fR). Source code available under the MIT licence.

.SH "SEE ALSO"
\fIhttps://smittytone.net/word2text/index.html\fR
